Updates schema to enforce names as required RFC1123 values (#768)
serverlessworkflow/specification: specification.md

The specification doesn't define any specific variable within the `WORKFLOW` bucket, but it's considered a reserved keyword.

### Naming Convention

> Identifiable components of a workflow definition, such as states, actions, branches, events and functions define a required non-null `name` property which follows the DNS label names as defined by [RFC 1123](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc1123).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Identifiable components of a workflow definition, such as states, actions, branches, events and functions define a required non-null `name` property which follows the DNS label names as defined by [RFC 1123](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc1123#page-13).
```

> In other words, `names` must be lowercased, start and end with an alphanumeric character, and contain only alphanumeric characters or '-' (dash) character.

Reviewer 2: RFC 1123 does not include any lowercasing requirement; did you intend to make this a further restriction?

I think some text is also warranted regarding [RFC 5890 R-LDH labels](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc5890#section-2.3.1) (whose third and fourth characters are both "-") such as `xn--bcher-kva` (which is further an XN-label and valid A-label representing "bücher") and `we--like--it` (which is neither but is still subject to the "_MUST NOT be processed as ordinary LDH labels by IDNA-conforming programs_" restriction).

I don't think it matters whether they are allowed or rejected, but some software _does_ treat them specially so it's worth being explicit.

Author: @gibson042 I thought it did, or at least does it's k8s flavor: 

https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#:~:text=RFC%201123%20Label%20Names&text=in%20RFC%201123.-,This%20means%20the%20name%20must%3A,start%20with%20an%20alphanumeric%20character

Anyways, I do think adding the lowercase restriction, as i believe it could help ensure invariance, especially on exotic systems. 

It's not however a strong preference, and I'm obviously open to any and all opinion for and against ;)

As for the double dashes, I would venture to say it's safe to forbid its use altogether, like with the k8s regex I'm using in the PR. WDYT?

Reviewer 2: :+1:

> Identifiable components of a workflow definition, such as states, actions, branches, events and functions define a required non-null `name` property which follows the DNS label names as defined by [RFC 1123](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc1123).
> 
> In other words, `names` must be lowercased, start and end with an alphanumeric character, and contain only alphanumeric characters or '-' (dash) character.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Identifiable components of a workflow definition, such as states, actions, branches, events and functions define a required non-null `name` property which is based on DNS label names as defined by [RFC 1123](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc1123) with further restrictions.

Specifically, `name`s must be lowercase, start and end with an alphanumeric character, consist entirely of alphanumeric characters and/or dashes '-', and (for compatibility with [RFC 5890](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5890) not contain '--' as the third and fourth characters.
```
or
```suggestion
Identifiable components of a workflow definition, such as states, actions, branches, events and functions define a required non-null `name` property which is based on DNS label names as defined by [RFC 1123](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc1123) with further restrictions.

Specifically, `name`s must be lowercase, start and end with an alphanumeric character, and consist entirely of alphanumeric characters with optional isolated medial dashes '-' (i.e., dashes must not be adjacent to each other).
```
